Support custom iconpacks (#21)
remcohaszing/mermaid-isomorphic: README.md

compatible across all browsers and devices. If you wish to use a custom font, you need to specify
both the `mermaidConfig.fontFamily` and `css` options.

### Icon Packs

You can register custom icon packs to use in your diagrams.

> Please refer to the [mermaid-js](https://mermaid.ai/open-source/config/icons.html) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information refer to the [mermaid-js](https://mermaid.ai/open-source/config/icons.html) documentation.
```

compatible across all browsers and devices. If you wish to use a custom font, you need to specify
both the `mermaidConfig.fontFamily` and `css` options.

### Icon Packs

You can register custom icon packs to use in your diagrams.
IconPacks must be loaded before being registered - only the

> [SyncLoader](https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid/blob/09d065/packages/mermaid/src/rendering-util/icons.ts#L13)

Reviewer: I don’t feel very comfortable linking to a third party blob. The git hash may be immutable, but still. Instead, I would really appreciate a link to https://mermaid.ai/open-source/config/icons.html somewhere.

interface is supported

```js
import { createMermaidRenderer } from 'mermaid-isomorphic'

const renderer = createMermaidRenderer()
const diagram = `
flowchart TB
  MyNode@{ icon: "custom-icons:alien" }
`

const inlineIconPack = {
  name: 'custom-icons',
  icons: {
    prefix: 'custom-icons',
    icons: {
      alien: {
        body: '<path d="M8 16L3.54223 12.3383..." />',
        width: 80,
        height: 80
      }
    }
  }
}
const remoteIconPack = {
  name: 'logos',
  icons: await fetch('https://unpkg.com/@iconify-json/logos@1/icons.json').then((res) => res.json()),

> };

Reviewer: I think one of these two is enough of an example.
